Reorganize imgpkg Docs, Write Workflow Docs, and Add imgpkg tag list Docs (#21)
carvel-dev/imgpkg: docs/air-gapped-workflow.md

# Air-gapped Workflow

### Prerequisites 

To complete these workflows, you will need access to a local Docker registry and Kubernetes cluster. We 
recommend using [`KinD`](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) to create your cluster locally as this will be the cluster 
used in the instructions below.

Steps:
1. Create a local registry running at port 9001: `docker run -d -p 9001:5000 --restart=always --name registry registry:2`
2. Run the script shown [here](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/local-registry/) to create a KinD cluster that uses a local Docker registry running at port 5000.
3. (Optional) If you would like to deploy the results of the scenarios to your Kubernetes cluster, download [`kbld`](https://get-kbld.io/) and [`kapp`](https://get-kapp.io/).

### What/why an air-gapped workflow:

> Users who wish to run an appilcation in their air-gapped (i.e. not connected to internet) environment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who wish to run an application in their air-gapped (i.e. not connected to the internet) environment 
```

application inside the environment.

### How to distribute the configuration

In the folder [examples/basic](../examples/basic), there is a set of configuration files that
will allow a user to create a service and a deployment for a simple application that runs on Kubernetes.

```shell
examples/basic/
├── deployment.yml
└── service.yml
```

Start by pushing the image to a local registry:
`imgpkg push -f examples/basic -i localhost:9001/simple-app-configuration`

Flags used in the command:
  * `-f` indicates the folder the user wants to package as an OCI Image
  * `-i` indicates that the user want to push a simple OCI Image to a registry

The output will display all the files that will be packaged and the destination of the image:
```
dir: .
file: deployment.yml
file: service.yml
Pushed 'localhost:9001/simple-app-configuration@sha256:98ff397d8a8200ecb228c9add5767ef40c4e59d751a6e85880a1f903394ee3e7'
Succeeded
```

Copy the image to a tarball on your local thumbdrive from the Docker registry you just pushed to:
`imgpkg copy -i localhost:9001/simple-app-configuration --to-tar /tmp/my-image.tar`

Flags used in the command:

>   * `-i` indicates that the user want to push a simple OCI Image to a registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `-i` indicates that the user wants to retrieve a simple OCI Image from the registry
```

  * `--to-tar` indicates location to write a tar file containing assets

The output will display the image being converted to a tarball on your local machine:
```
dir: .
file: deployment.yml
file: service.yml
Pushed 'localhost:9001/simple-app-configuration@sha256:98ff397d8a8200ecb228c9add5767ef40c4e59d751a6e85880a1f903394ee3e7'
Succeeded

> dhelfand-a01:imgpkg dhelfand$ imgpkg copy -i localhost:9001/simple-app-configuration --to-tar /tmp/my-image.tar

Reviewer: For consistence with the rest of the docs
```suggestion
$ imgpkg copy -i localhost:9001/simple-app-configuration --to-tar /tmp/my-image.tar
```
